feat: geant4 gdml detector - ODD light part 1 (#2424)
acts-project/acts: docs/plugins/geant4.md

  BOOST_CHECK(surface->type() == Acts::Surface::SurfaceType::Cylinder);
```

#### Inspecting surface conversion within python

> The `ActsExampels` python bindings allow to conveniently test the conversion of `Geant4` volumes into sensitive and passive surfaces, assume you have a GDML file called `detector.gdml` where `Geant4PhysVolume` objects can be identified by a certain string, e.g. names containing the flag `Sensitive`, or `Passive`. Also multiple match strings are allowed. The converted surfaces can then be displayed with `.obj` (part of the Core functionality) or as `.svg` files (if `ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_ACTSVG` is switched on)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ActsExamples` python bindings allow to conveniently test the conversion of `Geant4` volumes into sensitive and passive surfaces, assuming you have a GDML file called `detector.gdml` where `Geant4PhysVolume` objects can be identified by a certain string, e.g. names containing the flag `Sensitive` or `Passive`. Also multiple match strings are allowed. The converted surfaces can then be displayed with `.obj` (part of the Core functionality) or as `.svg` files (if `ACTS_BUILD_PLUGIN_ACTSVG` is switched on)
```

Author: Merci.

```python
  # import the necessary modules
  import acts, acts.examples
  from acts.examples import geant4 as acts_g4
  
  # The match criteria
  sensitive_matches = [ 'Sensitive' ]
  passive_matches = [ 'Passive' ]
  [ elements, ssurfaces, psurfaces ] = acts_g4.convertSurfaces('detector.gdml', sensitive_matches, passive_matches)

  # Some screen output
  print('* Conversion yielded', len(ssurfaces))

  # Write them to an obj file 
  drawContext = acts.GeometryContext()
  sensitiveRgb = [ 0, 150, 150 ]
  passiveRgb = [ 150, 150, 0]
  # Draw the sensitive surfaces
  acts.examples.writeSurfacesObj(ssurfaces, drawContext, sensitiveRgb, 'detector-sensitives.obj')
  # Draw the passive surfaces
  acts.examples.writeSurfacesObj(psurfaces, drawContext, passiveRgb, 'detector-passives.obj')
```

## Building a Detector from Geant4 input

> In order to build a `Acts::Detector` object from `Geant4` input, the following steps needs to be done

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to build an `Acts::Detector` object from `Geant4` input, the following steps needs to be done
```

 * a conversion of `Geant4PhysVolume` objects into `Acts::Surface`  and `Acts::DetectorVolume` objects (see before)
 * a build sequence needs to be defined and the converted objects identified

>  There are several helper methods and tools that can be used, many of them accessible through python bindings, one core component is the selection and assignment of surfaces to dedicated volume. This can be done using e.g. a KDT structure, this can be tested with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 There are several helper methods and tools that can be used, many of them accessible through python bindings. One core component is the selection and assignment of surfaces to dedicated volume. This can be done using e.g. a KDT structure, this can be tested with:
```

Author: Updated.

 ```python

>   # Create a KDT tree from all surfaces binned in z and r

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Create a KDTree from all surfaces binned in z and r
```

Author: Updated.
